In this video you'll get your sandbox website set up at students dot W.P. of course dot com where you'll
Several of the Web sites you'll build in this course are made using premium themes and plug ins that
We'll use the student's sandbox website at students W.P. of course dotcom to learn to build these types
WordPress installation at W.P. of course daka.
Let's get started.
I've set up a WordPress multi-site installation at W.P..
Of course dot com that allows you to get your own WordPress Web site that includes all the premium themes
You can configure and build web sites with the themes but you won't be able to take them with you.
And that's the beauty of the multi-site installation.
I can teach you how to use all these wonderful tools and you can choose whether you want to use them
I didn't start out with all these developers licenses but now that I'm licensed I can sell very sophisticated
On a side note near the end of this course I'll be teaching you how to set up your own multi-site installation
Let's go over some of the premium theme and plug in providers included in your students sandbox studio
their excellent assortment of child themes.
and design processes as they create child themes for it.
to provide the themes as a starting point for my client sites.
We'll be experimenting with Genesis and some of the studio press themes in your sandbox site.
W.P. m you dev dot org is a group of excellent dedicated WordPress plugin developers.
They keep their plugins updated fast loading and coded well w PMU devs paid membership is well worth
to use with their sites.
end all while seeing what you're doing and without coding your sandbox is loaded with lots of their
I'd like to introduce you to the soliloquy slider plugin.
It's available at soliloquy W.P. com for the commercial version with all its excellent add ons and there's
I use the developers licensed version as a trustworthy mobile responsive versatile slider plug in when
Will be playing with some of the plug ins.
Excellent functions through your Sandbach site
in the document.
Web site at WP of course.
Duck click the student's sandbox button here or in the header menu and you'll see the student resource
Click the center button to get your own site using your private student code.
In just a couple of steps you'll have your own WordPress site with tons of premium themes and plug ins
Just fill in a username and email address.
The student's sandbox code choose a password.
and then give me a site needs to be checked and hit next
next just choose a name for your actual site.
It will be that name dot W.P. of course Dacca and choose a site title
and click sign up
great you can go to the admin area by just clicking this button or view the site and you'll be logged
Here's my new WordPress site within your Sandbach site you'll see that the U R L is whatever name you
There are some differences up at the top left is a resources button that will take you to a Resources
you'll see that there's a few differences in the sidebar under settings for example there's no permalink
adjustment settings.
You can however choose the themes you want to use.
Use the customize or use the widgets editor choose menus and navigation items Hetter or whatever the
You can also create pages you can create posts and you can manage media in the standard ways.
One quick note in terms of media and the media library.
I've got a limit of 32 megabytes space allowed for each of the sites in this multi-site installation
and this place will tell you how much space you've used so far.
We'll be going over how to compress and resize imagery like I indicated in one of the earlier videos
as we make images and imagery for the different sites we'll be making in this course.
You'll see that if you click plugins there's no add new button because I've got standard group of premium
plugins already added to the multi-site installation and available to every site including yours.
going to be using and going over how to use a lot of these plug ins as we go through and build sites
Another resource you have within your sandbox site area.
Our tutorial videos for Wordpress WP 101 tutorial videos are excellent and I'd like to offer these to
I have a developer license with Sean hask with with WP 101 and I offer these tutorial videos privately
to my clients.
WBM udev also has a plugin called video tutorials that you can click through to and you or your clients
can go ahead and look at all these customized videos for different sections of wordpress.
And if you go under dashboard and click my sites you'll see that your first site is here and you can
Just click Add new and it'll tell you which sites you already have and then you can go through the process
of creating another site for your coursework.
In this video you've learned about the premium themes and plug ins will be using to make many of the
You've also set up your first WordPress installation for coursework at WP dev course dot com and looked
Don't forget the Wordpress 101 tutorial videos and the WBM udev tutorials are available from your WP
Next we'll be exploring the Wordpress dashboard and default themes and plug ins in one of your standard
Let's do it